Update initial_sdk_setup.md (#2244)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/initial_sdk_setup.md

There are three easy ways to integrate the Web SDK, to include analytics and messaging components on your site. Be sure to view our [Push Integration Guide][16] if you plan to use Web Push features. 

> If your website uses a `Content-Security-Policy`, then please follow our [CSP Header Guide][19] as well.

Author: ```suggestion
If your website uses a `Content-Security-Policy`, then please follow our [CSP Header Guide][19] in addition to the integration steps below.
```
